in this video shows how you can make the exchange of the pitiful candid fusca
what
if it has stuck or if it already has an agreement
is a name with 20 very large because it will hold a large eye
everywhere you touch
so here I will comment very dirty
of land
but it will give you an idea
my heavy thing in which will be 72
she is the original still
and can not be revoked
never been changed
so little difference
of the hood results in block 8
that you will find to sell at national all
the regional one is placed
when the exchange was out of the car river what do you think it will be
mounted on site
then you even care as if you were the world.
a funnel
the rubber funnel
so it's okay then the two things of candomblé original obfuscation still
so perfect state
and I do not intend to change them so soon
it's true but here
There's a cuff here.
hold it from the candidate's side
and here's an armband
that makes the fence and that fills it also on the side
from stock tip
so if you have to take something out of this
independent of the model you will release the two clamps this
- it will cost more
the thing here
the thyroid
no change
you will have a
a flap about two or three centimeters wide
and it has a format
How is it with cafu?
so you can
When you press Rose House you can create a squeeze.
benfica quim
almost everything to withdraw you will not have much secret
or the tip that I can give in that hour I do not do if it says when you get
the car in these conditions to go from cuiabá
You'll keep it very clean.
as clean as possible to avoid contamination of the inside of the
because
although you did not come
no internal component there is going to occur a small oil leak
show
the measure does not want
here is only price for that serves as reference only puts in the hand underneath
the aunt but there were 17 that will serve you to complete the oil level of the
exchange
you do not need to buy but travel 17 if you get an old screw
which has a head 17
only you take a year
I have not met a friend who makes a gate that has a weld
electrical
It had to work again because then you go.
used it as if it were an extension, do not think it difficult, you can open it
I have one time
just do not repeat yourself
underneath the exchange has another just like this from here
17 too
that you can release take the eye of the exchange if you are to buy such of the
exchange
never exceed
the level of
of the screw and do not try to understand the car thinks it will lose a little bit
but with an eye
because in fact if it was for the head it said
bush would not be closer
and he's telling you the durability of the shaft seal
the singer's pilot
if it does not come it ends up having a leak
ok right now
we will show that the hood
How does it come from auto parts?
is what is different from what was a part that opens in the middle
this one that is very
the rapporteur quoted seven reais and I do not recommend that you compensate
I was not informed that they will think
but this one tries to examine when you just buy and try to buy one
something that does not
that he is in this state to this here goes from here after I did I saw person
buy to make the village raise the risk uncle is a conflict
good but anyway you'll find something
Are you going to tell me something I have in me?
along with one thing
I wish there was a little bag with a lot of screw
now read the door
so what are you going to do next
if you are going to get each to get away
also has no
There is no secret here either.
and there you go riding that way here
the hugo that can be considered a secret that will veto
too much trouble will leak something like this
as you can see if you have a seam in the coifa that is not original you will not
has
so in curitiba the mind you will try to do what
It's going to speak good.
I'll put it in wood
face up
that's right
it's not wrong
because the movement that the exchange does
It's okay.
move the dog and does is the one here
If you put it up soon you will.
force that piece more than you should because you're going to have a
sequence I saw
six screws
I think it's a thicker part of the sun than you're going to end up forcing
and she'll end up finding it here on the side
It's not going to change anything.
It's obvious that you're going to put it down.
beyond this reason
because you will get a chance to have a huge eye leak
Paul, what are you going to put?
You'll put the turn of the year.
why this movement does not do that is what it can do
in a more peaceful
that's right
So
briefly boot up with clean everything
to start with the infanticide that has
Any time you go
is he okay with a clinton waddle was something yes that addresses that
I said that there is exchange
lily 1
all around the world
of aim and felipe
team as best you can to leave with more being possible
ideal if you want to make a long lasting service
you become record
You'll pass some silicone and here
qs silicone that comes in a
in auto parts something like that after you position it there
right you spend nothing of exaggeration you will spend just a little bit of
silicone and here
will ride
the screws with the
lastly you will squeeze from maputo it so that you did not push too hard
The piece
You're going to have this brace here.
a tip tries not to leave the business too tight
at the time you were riding rpmon street
show what's worth here look I put a easel holding car
and in fact I'm not going to do the service here
because it's a thing then
when you go to do the service you will have lying under the car
imagine from here
the macbook dicaprio as he hit the car like
the monkey caused the trestle you put a monkey here
and lift just a little
Paulo
there is a spindle tip
so you have a little more space here than the cat that held it
the exchange
and the engine
wrong
and after fatah you can make that move here
on the hood you will be able to pass around the
of the shaft end
hold tight
however, as clean as possible
they tried to leave it very stretched
In this sense, the first one is not needed so if you can
put on
to squeeze is first you squeeze here after being
the funny thing is bigger
last or least
and see if you can quit a little
like this
because if you get too much this guy you can end up having some kind of
leakage
I came here for another
If you already have a leak for some time I recommend that you change the
two things jacques
it's not a very service
It's cool to be done.
You will get dirty enough.
but
what I then
on account of the leakage of exchange oil
It will get a little cleaner.
and you can not forget to complete look there khan said 'you have to
intent to take advantage of and make the complete oil change
are two and a half meters
are more than 3 million
until the next fight for you that we ourselves